Coding: 
1. Complete - Add counter for health - currently only wood is reported.
2. Complete - Add bridge building mechanism - suggest another key binding that only works if near the river, in one spot, then each press,
   builds a portion of the bridge with a small time - can be based off the game cycle iteration.
3. Complete - Key collection: Add key collection, once past 1st river, hold this as a boolean in the player stats
4. Complete - Add "Finish" and "Game over" screens to the WorldManager class, and methods to get to those screens.
5. Complete -  Add logic for reaching the princess, and goes to "Finish" screen.
6. COMPLETE - Needs Testing - Add logic for running out of lives, and goes to "Game Over" screen.
7. Add comments to everything
9. Complete - Re-factor getNextPoint method
10. REMOVED - Add "Dev Mode" button to title screen, which sets the isDevMode flag in the WorldManager class.
11. BUG - Increase rad of tree collection - large tree is partially missed. 
12. REMOVED - Add logic to enemy so after initial attack, it does a loop of the map, and then attacks again - perhaps instead of delay timer? 
13. Complete - Remove old code in GameMap for knowing it has a river, now based on WalkWay tile.
14. Complete - Made factory for tiles and introced base class
15. Complete - Increase castle size slightly
16. Complete - Add gif chopping gif to beaver
17. Complete - Reset mechanism and currently broken from Greenfoot.
20. Complete -  Tweak stats bar to show key. 
21. Complete - Investigate bug where enemy goes to 0,0.
22. Complete - Add enemies to other maps. (x3?)
23. Complete - Change img of enemy when attacking. 
24. Complete - Bug: Status bar not rendered after reset.
25. Complete - Set enemy attack time into final. 
26. Complete - Remove test backgrounds and replace with grass
27. Complete - Reset stats after reset.
28. Complete - Move beaver spawn point.
29. Complete - Bug: if restart in world 0,0, then position is not reset. 

ArtWork (Note: all artwork must either be .png or .gif, have a transparent background, and be reasonably sized to work with the game )
1. Complete - Create beaver chopping gif - an axe already exists in the asset pack, suggest combining that with current beaver image to create a gif.
2. Complete - Create the enemy attacking gif. 
3. Complete - Create Title screen artwork  = Game name and key controls. Done
4. Complete - Create "Game over, you win" screen artwork. Done
5. Complete - Create "Game Overm you lose" screen artwork. Done
6. Complete - Create "Bridge" artwork - needs to be same size as current game tiles. Done but size 15/13
7. Complete - Create "Key" artwork - needs to be same size as current game tiles. done
8. Complete - Create button art work: "Play", "Restart"  - needs to be approx size that a button might be, like the thing we have now. Done "start", "restart" 
9. Complete - OPTIONAL: Are there any fence tiles in the asset pack? If so, add them to rivers, and then with a gap, and a different tile for the "construction" point - more obvious of where player needs to stand to build the bridge  

Map Design Tweaks: 
1. Complete - Tweak river path in map 7 to have a more horizontal portion - this will help coding the bridge building logic.
2. Complete - Move trees in all maps so they are closer to the sides - this will help with the enemy patrol path logic.
3. Complete - BUG - I think map 4 has a berry tile which has been incorrectly assigned as a tree tile - double check IDs in .csv files